everybody welcome back to nor the lion
places binding of issac afterbirth plus
we're due for a greedier Samson Samson
greedier why not like Sam seems a fun
character he's got good things going on
new kid 1 6 6 x3 uh that's 198 for those
of you running the mental math out there
you know what leave that fire for a
second mr. Dahle is a lovely pickup you
might think NL stop you're hurting
yourself you're not wrong however we're
also potentially getting like a huge
reward just in the damage Department
here right off the cut so I think we'll
also pardon me grab this we get even
more damage out of it we get allergies
as well so what are we hoping for with
this algae's well is very simple
actually we want to pick up a temperance
or a demon judgement or something like
that and all of a sudden like Bob's your
uncle okay we're at max damage just grab
these get the heck out of here
because of the mr. Dahle pickup we are
just crushing it from a damage
department as well as our DPS department
now the odds are next floor we're
probably not gonna be as strong as we
are on this floor right now we have 10
damage in a 7 rate of fire it's pretty
unlikely we'll get the kind of items
that allow us to keep up that trajectory
but for now it's beautiful and all we
need to do is kind of I mean we can even
leave this room if we want to but what
are we looking for uh in terms of items
honestly I would not mind never getting
more HP as long as we don't get you know
shoehorn into deals with the devil that
are kind of garbage as long as we can
take only heat like 8 out of 10 or above
deals with the devil then I'd be more
than happy to make this happen but
unfortunately that's a that's an issue
of access we got to make sure and I'm
not talking about Access Hollywood I've
got to make sure the parameters exist to
make that plausible
so just take out Stephen here figured
that would probably be the shot to
finish him off rarely do you get strong
enough on the first floor to finish off
the boss before the second boss spawns
so consider ourselves extremely lucky
here
it might even seem like it wasted HP but
to be honest with you I wouldn't be
surprised if our strategy here actually
led to us losing less HP than we would
have if we hadn't just walked into the
fire deliberately because we'd be taking
damage more frequently possibly even
losing some of our spirit hearts in the
process oh well that's it shows what I
know anyway get dusted we don't want to
really buy anything on this floor cuz
it's all question marks as far as the
eye can see so I'm just gonna grab a key
we got smart fly which is bad for well
it's not horrible necessarily but it's
not on the good side enables Beelzebub
if we get hit early it'll it'll help us
out as long as we don't leave the room
it'll it'll help us out a little bit but
you know relative to our actual damage
right now obviously this doesn't seem
that strong but that's life you take the
good you take the bad you take them both
and then you have the facts of life I've
never seen the show but I believe that's
the theme song I'm gonna try Guppies paw
gimpy spirit of the night you know time
will tell actually like the exact
opposite of what I suggested
what's your game playing root cut in or
out half in doesn't count there you go
he's out um no curse on this floor but
also no damage I love the tiers upgrade
I don't see I mean I don't want another
tiers upgrade but its Silver Dollar it's
like a reroll machine in every item room
or something let's buy the key right off
the back is again we don't really care
about a about a tiers upgrade right now
we're already pretty close to the cap
Anarchist Cookbook is just garbage
straight-up horrible let's try this
you wouldn't give me a health down like
I you could have I was just banking on
the idea that you you wouldn't have the
cojones
okay so we're kind of in a deleterious
position would be a polite way to
describe it I'm gonna swing for the
fences here and even if we miss we'll
land amongst the Stars paid five cents
for two red hearts we can't use it's a
bad trade the worst deal in the history
of trade ever well we have our work cut
out for us now it's a harder floor we're
doing less than half as much damage as
we were doing on the last floor but we
are doing that damage slightly faster we
also have substantially less HP in
pretty much every department except
demon hearts in which were tied with our
previous level of HP with zero but we
got potential
we got a guppy item one red heart can
become three spirit hearts in a pinch
we've got gimpy if we get hit especially
we can raise our lock step that could be
a great long-term thing for us but I
mean obviously as of right now we went a
little bit overboard on deals with the
devil but that's that's very me
it's the kind of guy I am you know I see
those two lovely Stan Isaac I see those
deals with the devil I take him on the
simple guy I see deals I take we're
gonna wait to be even yeah we did of
course it's Anarchist Cookbook
I was like did we even go into our our
other item room of course we did it was
trash we might be able to use it
depending on you know the size of our
cojones and I assure you they are very
large not that that's anything to brag
about but there's medically larger than
they're supposed to be and that's all
you need to know I was thinking like we
could use Anarchist Cookbook to try to
blow up the reroll machine and in doing
so usually it clumps them in the middle
but we might get lucky or we might blow
up none of them a little annoying tears
up great good but we need to kind of go
over something a little bit better here
okay give me a seven cent tear upgrade
that
also has HP on the other side of it I
think that's pretty solid the tiers
upgrade was not that important what was
much more important is the fact that we
got the HP upgrade right after and again
that's that's kind of a greedier trick
you see an item on sale if it's a
passive you almost might as well buy it
because the next item out will be on
sale as well
okay so first phase not too difficult
here I would like him to die so we can
handle the second phase more easily
we got the range necessary to hit him
here I don't know if he has the range
necessary to hit us so it's kind of a
dream come true I'm not even sure if
this guy will spawn enemies at this
point so it might be a champion that
just does not do that well shouldn't
have gone up there we're gonna get to 11
cents goodbye the one up but I'd prefer
not to this is gonna be a nasty wave for
us here just try to split the difference
like if you can focus on one enemy at a
time that would be for the best but not
even one enemy one set of enemies so
either all the peeps of which there is a
count of one or all the monsters of
which there is a count of two I'll take
either or dude but just focus on
something died one of the monstros died
two of the monsters have died
what if I can get him to land on the
knob I thought he might be able to break
the mushrooms for me so we can take our
deals with the devil here I'm kind of
hoping this would be like a great floor
for us to just get a Krampus because we
don't really want to trade our HP for
anything right now but we handled this
floor better than I would have expected
given the circumstances I think like we
we're much less strong than we were on
the last floor and yet here we are not
even really like there's no schedule to
be behind but we maintained a decent
pace and here we go this is like
extremely be careful what you wish for
voice be careful what you wish for I was
very good just focus you know it's easy
dodges and we didn't get a lump of coal
we got Krampus his head I think as much
as you might not like this idea guppies
head is better than Krampus is head
because we can use this on the ultra
greed fight to give us a lot of HP if we
have red hearts that have been exhausted
so there's you know that helps let's go
check our curse room we're looking for
goofy dreams are you a wizard is no good
but I can see forever is solid um money
gives us bombs that seems pretty good I
know I said it like that it seems pretty
GERD
you know you got a look at this like
Maggie's faith might be the right call
as well there the problem is that there
two trinkets but still I will I mean
here's the thing a single penny gives us
a bomb potentially which we can use to
blow up the slot machine and get even
more bombs like we got a a potential
mass effect coming soon let's see if we
can make that dream come true let's go
so we should not shy away from using
bombs for combat
and poison not the greatest effect of
the game obviously but it could be a lot
worse we often times actually do end up
wanting more bombs than we have for
greed mode now how many bombs do you
need to make greed mode work well
approximately zero but like the more the
merrier you're up to probably around
like 15 or 20 like rarely do you guys
have 20 bombs and then you go I wish I
had more than this but obviously like
other things that would be huge here if
we could find a way to enable a bloody
lust to actually do something it's not a
bad item it's just you know drawn that
way it's it's it's in a situation where
bloody lust can't really provide us with
the kind of strategic advantage I want
but I think this is kind of a perfect
setup right now because we can get
enough bombs out of burnt penny that
we're not gonna need anymore bomb
infusion for like the remainder of the
game
then we can take Maggie's faith down to
the next floor hopefully by some spirit
arts to protect our HP upgrades and
Maggie's faith by itself is worth like
three or four HP upgrades as long as we
don't find a better trinket for it we're
better trinket to replace it in which
case we'll be happy cuz we got a better
trinket and remember I can't stress it
enough we still have gimpy so we're
getting a lot of red hearts just from
killing enemies could use some spirit
hearts for getting hit as well worked
like 15 bombs 15 bombs knock out our
final wave here revenge fly is finally
getting some work done it's not again
same thing as bloody lust it's not
revenge flies fault that we can't seem
to get hit but so a strange kind of
situation where like your first floor
was your strongest usually things kind
of work backwards from that but I'm
feeling good this run I mean it started
very strong we're almost getting back
then it's like a video game where you
you start up and it's like hey here's
all your powers and then you go through
like amnesia or something and it's like
you've forgotten how to do everything
here's your tutorial and you're like but
at the end of the last game I was a god
and they're like well things change
this is algae's city
both of these items are actually very
good I recognize we have invincibility
here's how you do this you go a goo and
a goo he has not paid out hold this for
a moment then use algae's it gave us
another algae's I am a genius sin robes
great item check this out
Guppies paw use it then this pill could
be an HP upgrade but we're not gonna
need it yet start with well they're both
piercing shots maybe bookable Isles or
the Isle Isle is actually just better HP
you might as well grab this first to
speed up its a speed up still have
algae's I think we'll take this anyway
cuz it means that the shots that go
through enemies will do double damage
again we got 15 bombs we don't need this
anymore we can take this now do we need
nun's habit no I don't really care about
caffeine pill let's throw one of our
many bombs down here and blow this up
too as well might as well
Wow to troll bombs huh lucky me uh you
know give me another three cent key cuz
they're cheap throw another bomb in here
I will get the lucky foot taro cloth is
so good we gotta try
yes I think we got to keep trying it's
so unlikely but ok so no tarot clot
that's fine this floor still went really
well we have 17 damaged and very little
of that is actually a nickel and penny
nickel and penny dime ah very little of
that is controlled by bloody lust right
now so we're quite lucky our actual
damages ah maybe more of it than I
thought was we did play that demon
judgment a lot now that I think about it
we will take blue baby's only friend but
it's it's not our most efficient way of
dealing damage right now which I'm sure
many of you will be happy to hear this
is not the most beloved item in the game
absolutely
mine as well can I don't see why we
wouldn't at this point all right demon
judgment dude this is optimal for us to
create a so I'm giving them spirit
hearts because we can it's more or less
the exact reasoning there we don't have
any any penalties that we suffer as a
result and we can get we can use our
algae's ruin later retro vision relax
don't do it we could save our algae's
ruin for later uses basically what this
comes down to using it on ultra agree to
be very nice especially if we can
somehow will taro cloth back into
existence but for now let's do the fun
part we got 11 damage we got piercing
shots I'm still kind of amazed we
managed to get everything out of our
last deal with the devil those were all
8 out of 10 items as requested live my
broken heart open and you ripped it out
not really though I mean I left my
hearts open because I wanted to get a
good deal with the devil item in the
game acquiesced which I greatly
appreciate
you said you shouldn't do it you know I
got a deal with the dev dumping
something oh geez you know I was a
little mindful in there I was like these
are new enemies
they've they are new they've only been
in the game since 2014 the long distant
medieval era the buttress of Windsor so
in terms of like damage and DPS we're
fine but I always want to hit like that
next level because of the fact that
ultra greed has the BS super armors so
anything that can light my fire there I
don't even know what beats super armor
like highly reduced rate of fire greatly
increased damage something like that we
will take Guppies head I think you might
not love this idea I'm gonna take a lump
of coal as well really want to up this
damage so we got tons of bombs use the
bombs accomplish something
parasites pretty great Maggie's bow
that'll do yeah let's get out of here
now
we need the HP we're not using Guppies
paw anymore so I got no it was correct
the first time I'm so used to being
wrong when I talk about a guppy item but
we we're not using Guppies Pawnee more
because we don't have access to it
anymore
before is okay ah and synthol is lovely
should probably consider stopping the
trade of excuse me stopping the trade of
items or HP to the deal with the devil
and instead just focus on you know
survival sake so there is something good
about this by the way you might be
thinking what are you doing here we
could blow up our donation machine and I
think I'm gonna blow it up to get to 15
cents
even though it's very rude to future
northernlion but did steal Jerry
Seinfeld's joke you know future
northernlion
and present northernlion are two very
different people I can do things that'll
make future me angry
should I probably not alright good time
for your quality to show up but when
isn't it a good time for equality to
show up you know if that's one of those
jokes that doesn't make sense but if it
was in subtitles the subtitle would say
Bernie Sanders impression and then you
would be like that's what he was going
for and completely failed to execute on
yeah because equality is some sort of
joke right and look this know what no
see that's not what I mean you're taking
me out of context hey what's Captain
Kirk's favorite word to use when he's
complaining about being quoted you
quoted me out of cond contexts we don't
really need any of this we could save
money we got one more shop I'd rather
you know that was dangerous that was
just stupid I'd rather use a reroll
machine like a floor with a reroll
machine if possible
because otherwise we're paying to reroll
items which I would prefer not to so
we're gonna have unless we take a deal
with the devil we're gonna have three HP
for the next four that's good keep in
mind we want to stop spending HP oh that
was close
we're gonna need this HP for the ultra
greed fight the one exception or two
exceptions would be a guppy item or
awesome items of any other sort I don't
think these items are awesome enough
even though that means science is like
really good yes hello Luca welcome back
please get your tail out of the
doorframe what's your problem you want
the mouse to be in here I'm outsmarted I
don't think we want any of this it's
just it's a little too risky save some
HP you know at some point the runs got
to matriculate nothing all right three
bombs left that's enough for rerolls on
the next floor 27 cents puts us in a
good spot or did he outsmart me
he got me to play with the mouse for a
second this could be a good time for
algae's although you kind of look at
this and you go like blank card algae's
right
which might even be better than Guppies
head long term anyway I want to keep the
HP but that's why I'm going for broke
here well that was fast we can't afford
where's the secret room we can't afford
to get rid of our trinket as well but
it's got to be better than this like
safety scissors safety scissors doesn't
do too much for us I think Jesus juice
honestly just ok a little too late for
the box to be that useful
I don't think tech X is the if we're
only buying 2 items on this floor I
don't know if tech X is good enough I'll
just say it now I wish that was car
battery but it still might be pretty
good you know see what I'm thinking
blank card blank room I'm just gonna use
blank rune its de gAHS hoggle ah is
irrelevant
I'm gonna use my blank card on the way
out here you're gonna be like don't do
it not trust me I think I can get
through three waves here without taking
damage and then we'll just use algae's
and we kind of like like blank card
algae's should make it impossible to be
hit cat's oh my god I told you I was
outsmarted get out of here leave no it's
a greedy you run it's been 22 minutes
how many times if I had to open the door
here this is like there's a king of the
jungle standoff going on you get out of
here go
distill this office is the least
desirable room in this entire domicile
if I'm flattered that the cats would
choose to stay in here but at the same
time I might just get out into the open
space that's not nearly this hot so I
think nine-volt completely fits the bill
here dude we are getting outrageous
value on algae's does it normally last
that long cuz I feel like I'm I'm
ripping the game off like I'm getting a
bargain but if it works like this for
ultra greed I mean we'll get one play
and then we'll get another play button
we just use the room that's a pretty
protracted period of full HP this is all
the money we're ever gonna have here so
I could just drop a bomb geez angry fly
sucks that's not what angry fly used to
look like but I got to imagine that's
what it is
so just beat this wave check your devil
deal we're well on our way here you got
to take a guppy item it's like not even
a contest
now we're guts for sale perchance better
trinkets there's a battery charge what
we can play this guy maybe he'll drop
something yeah two bombs that's probably
what I'll use then and you know okay we
could give us the compass that's
actually worth noting and we're down to
the next floor so just do not use blank
art algae's yet you got a great setup
you should win you deserve the win you
played it you played a good game here
that's my interpretation of it at least
I think we played a decent game I'm
gonna wait I would rather use both of
our algae's plays against ultra greed
instead of regular greed plus if we take
damage against regular greed
we're gonna get a damage bonus for each
hit which is gonna make us faster at
killing ultra green later so I think as
much as I want to use the spacebar right
away because it seems like it would be a
prudent use of our resources
quite the opposite I think so we're just
gonna keep the dream alive here
greed isn't the hard part though keep in
mind we do have gimpy as well so gimpy
is like free spirit hearts if you get
really lucky and free red hearts for all
the enemies would kill so we actually
probably don't want to murder these keys
I would rather he created enemies and
then we could kill them and get red
hearts out of them yeah
relatively smart play I think all right
he's getting torn like Natalie Imbruglia
she was torn in that song I've seen the
music video many many times
just let that linger there no linger is
the cranberries that's a different it's
a different jam
please okay we got enough of a damage
bonus its pop this I still don't think
our damage has ever gotten higher than
it was on the first floor but instead of
finding that annoying I now find that
hilarious
so we'll just stay in there and do as
much damage as we can we can keep him
doing this attack I'm a very happy boy
anything that stops him from jumping
gives us better efficiency so in the end
it was a did we reinvent the wheel on
this run no but I think we played of a
pretty solid Sampson run you know this
this run we could not have done it in
this manner as anybody but Samson no
question about it you know we're playing
this run as Lazarus it's got to happen
much differently
Samson's unique talents lended themself
well here also getting blank card plus
algae's doesn't hurt so what do we
actually owe a lot of this run to we owe
a lot of this run to endless nameless
stem cell oh it's not that bad I guess
but like mostly I'm just covering from
the fact that I don't know what it does
stem cell not an item - oh God not that
we needed to donate but still endless
nameless gave us back our algae's rune
on a refund which allowed us to do this
so thank you and less nameless for now
thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed the episode if you did click the
like button upside a great deal of
course subscribe you wanna see more in
the future but for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time